Improve Storage Network content structure and wording (#828)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/storagenetwork.md

        cni.projectcalico.org/podIPs: 10.52.2.122/32
        k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/network-status: |-
          [{
              "name": "k8s-pod-network",
              "ips": [
                  "10.52.2.122"
              ],
              "default": true,
              "dns": {}
          },{
              "name": "harvester-system/storagenetwork-95bj4",
              "interface": "lhnet1",
              "ips": [
                  "192.168.0.3"
              ],
              "mac": "2e:51:e6:31:96:40",
              "dns": {}
          }]
        k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks: '[{"namespace": "harvester-system", "name": "storagenetwork-95bj4",
          "interface": "lhnet1"}]'
        k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks-status: |-
          [{
              "name": "k8s-pod-network",
              "ips": [
                  "10.52.2.122"
              ],
              "default": true,
              "dns": {}
          },{
              "name": "harvester-system/storagenetwork-95bj4",
              "interface": "lhnet1",
              "ips": [
                  "192.168.0.3"
              ],
              "mac": "2e:51:e6:31:96:40",
              "dns": {}

>           }]

Reviewer: This looks like a duplication of line 286. I think it's safe to remove it.

      :::

    1. Start a simple HTTP server in one pod.
    
      You must explicitly bind this HTTP server to the storage network IP.

      Example:

      ```
      $ python3 -m http.server 8000 --bind 10.0.16.14 (replace with your pod storage network IP)
      ```

    1. Test the HTTP server in another pod.

      Example:

      ```
      From instance-manager-r-43f1624d14076e1d95cd72371f0316e2 (IP 10.0.16.8)

      $ curl http://10.0.16.14:8000
      ```

      When the storage network is functioning correctly, the `curl` command returns a list of files on the HTTP server.

    1. (Optional) Troubleshoot issues.

      The storage network may malfunction because of issues with the external network, such as the following:

      - Physical NICs (installed on Harvester nodes) that are associated with the storage network were not added to the same VLAN in the external switches.
      - The external switches are not correctly connected and configured.

Once the configuration is verified, you can manually start virtual machines when necessary.

## Best Practices

> - When configuring an [IP range](#configuration-example) for the storage network, ensure that the allocated IP addresses can service the future needs of the cluster. This is important because Longhorn pods (`instance-manager` and `backing-image-manager`) stop running when new nodes are added to the cluster or more disks are added to a node after the storage network is configured, and when the required number of IPs exceeds the allocated IPs. Resolving the issue involves reconfiguring the storage network with the correct IP range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When configuring an [IP range](#prerequisites) for the storage network, ensure that the allocated IP addresses can service the future needs of the cluster. This is important because Longhorn pods (`instance-manager` and `backing-image-manager`) stop running when new nodes are added to the cluster or more disks are added to a node after the storage network is configured, and when the required number of IPs exceeds the allocated IPs. Resolving the issue involves reconfiguring the storage network with the correct IP range.
```
